1. What's the difference between calling task.run() and new Thread(task).start()? Try both and observe what happens. Which one creates actual concurrency?  

        Calling task.run() results in a regular call in main, there is no concurrency, and no new thread is created. 
        Calling new Thread(task).start() creates a new thread and runs concurrently on the main thread. 
        Running task.run() resulted in my output saying “main computing/completed” instead of “Thread-0 computing/completed.”  

2. Why do the threads finish in different orders each time you run option 2? What does this tell you about concurrent execution?  

	      The threads finish in a different order each time I run option 2 because the thread execution order is nondeterministic. 
        Concurrent execution runs multiple threads, and the order of execution is not guaranteed to be maintained.   

3. What would happen if you didn't call join() before accessing the results? Try removing the join() calls - what goes wrong?  

	      If I didn’t call join() before accessing the results, the main thread does not wait for the other threads to finish running, so the accessed results may contain incorrect values. 
        Removing the join() call from my code resulted in the Fibonacci sequence being printed as 0. Then, in the next display of “Enter your choice:” the result, which held the correct calculation, was printed.   

4. How does thread execution interleave? Notice how the console output from different threads mixes together. Is this random?  

	      Thread execution is not randomly outputted; it runs according to the OS thread scheduler, which is nondeterministic and unpredictable. 
        Thread execution interleaving is unpredictable, as the thread scheduler has no order.  

5. Why do we need the Thread.sleep() calls in the calculations? What happens if you remove them? Does it affect correctness or just visibility?  

	      The Thread.sleep() call did not affect correctness when I tested removing it. 
        The reason we use it in calculations is for visibility; it is used for execution timing (slowing it down).  

6. What happens to the calc object when you create the Runnable? How does the thread access the same CalculatorBase instance?  

      	When I created the Runnable, I used the calc reference that accesses the CalculatorBase instance. 
        The thread accesses the instance by using the calc reference passed, and then the dot operator to access inside the object for its fields of n and result.   

7. Can you use a lambda expression instead of an anonymous class? Which style is more concise? Which is clearer?  

		Yes, for Runnable, you can use a lambda expression instead of an anonymous class, which is what I’ve implemented for this program. 
    Lambda expressions are more concise because they use fewer attributes than an anonymous class; they do not require separate method declarations or a “new Runnable()” initialization. 
    Lambda is also cleaner because it is a shorter program than one written in an anonymous class. 
